(Episode 2)
You'll all remember the scene in "A Better Tomorrow"...
in which Chow Yun-fat fights with a matchstick in his mouth.
You'll also remember...
the irreplaceable look Leslie Cheung had in his eyes...
when he met his ex-girlfriend...
in the movie, "Moonlight Express".
Do you remember the movie, "City of Glass"?
Do you remember the place where Li Ming and Shu Qi...
met to confirm their love?
These all happened at this place.
Today, for "Heo Ji Woong's Healing for You",
we're at the shrine...
of Hong Kong movies, "Victoria Peak".
It's so pretty.
Do you have tissues?
Do you think I'm here by myself?
I wouldn't have come here by myself when it's so hot like this.
- Is it a big one? - Yes.
Gosh.
I had to ask the staff many times to make sure she was the real guest.
I heard President Jang drank alone last night.
He has a lot to deal with.
Everyone, it's the best actress in Korea.
Here's Sa Jin Jin.
- Hello. - Welcome.
- It's nice to meet you. - Please introduce yourself.
Hello, I'm Sa Jin Jin. It's nice to meet you.
National Chemical. Let us take this.
I'll make sure that you won't regret it.
Chemical?
Don't you know that it's the worst choice?
Can you see your lack in judgment?
You can be the judge of it later.
It's a little hard to hand over Chemical over to you.
I need an approval from the board and shareholders' voting.
The market will be suspicious as well.
I already took care of the board as well as the hedge fund managers.
Also, the institution investors.
Besides, about the shareholders' meeting,
you do understand that we're the largest holder after all.
Okay, let me think about that.
Thank you, Mr. Li Ka-shing.
Well, I'm not happy with this meeting.
I apologize if I came across too...
aggressive today.
No, it's not that.
I heard that you're going back to Korea.
Yes.
I'm going back home.
(Hannuri Women's Hospital)
- We'll start the anesthesia. - Wait a minute, doctor.
I'm listening.
I slept for 20 hours yesterday. If anesthesia doesn't work...
That won't happen. Breathe deeply.
Doctor, if I wake up in the middle of the operation...
You won't wake up. Count up to 10.
Okay.
One.
Where are you going?
- My water broke. - What?
Are you okay?
(Labor Room)
(Atlantic Ocean Law Firm)
Unfortunately, we won't be able to hire you.
I'm sorry.
Park Young Gyu's case seems difficult.
Why?
The judge seems to be supportive of the prosecutors.
Providing a witness will convince the judge.
- Do your best for the next trial. - Okay.
Is that you, Young Shim?
- Hey, Ji Young. - I can't believe it.
- We were in the same class. - I see.
- Hello. - It's nice to meet you.
- Likewise. - Have you been well?
- Yes. - What brings you here?
- Are you here for an interview? - Yes.
They'll hire a lot this year.
I hope things work out for you.
Yes.
Friends? I have two friends.
We grew up in the same neighborhood.
Do you have any close friends among celebrities?
Well, I don't think so.
Even if you aren't close,
do you eat out or talk on the phone with any celebrity?
- No, I don't. - Is that so?
(We got in contact.)
Oh, right.
There's someone who wants to be close to you.
She claims to be getting closer...
to you at the moment.
We prepared a video call.
Our crew members will set it up.
- Can you guess who it is? - No.
Is that so? She can't guess who it is.
Let's call her.
We're trying to connect with her.
Hello?
- Hello? - Hello?
Oh, it's her.
Guess who I am.
Hello, this is Jeong Da Yeong.
She's the hottest rising star, Jeong Da Yeong.
How do you know each other?
I met her once during a commercial shoot.
Is that so?
Yes, but I feel like we're best friends.
She's my own Cassiopeia.
- Cassiopeia? - Yes.
It's the guide to Polaris in the sky.
She's a guide in my life.
I see.
You haven't greeted each other.
That's right.
- Hello, Jin Jin. - Hello, Da Yeong.
I wanted to ask you for an advice.
How old are you?
I'm 35.
You're more like my teacher.
You look so young.
Since you're older and more experienced than me,
you'll listen to my concern, right?
What's your concern?
There's been a gossip that...
I'm dating an idol singer.
How should I deal with such gossip?
There was a gossip about you and Teo...
whom you worked with recently.
You broke up with someone who became an alcoholic afterwards.
- That was... - Oh, right.
There was a scandal about you and a politician.
Wasn't there a 27-year difference in age?
The politician's wife pulled you by the hair at a film set.
- All of that is... - You also got surgery...
All right, Da Yeong.
Goodness.
Gosh.
- Is that so, Da Yeong? - Pardon me?
I'm sorry.
- It can't be aired, can it? - Of course not.
I'm sorry. I was being careless since I'm new.
Da Yeong.
Do you want to know how to deal with gossip?
Yes.
Oh, my goodness.
I can't do this.
We'll tell you once we deal with it.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Have you lost your mind?
- What about you? - Don't you understand?
You're a sexy star in melodrama movies.
Don't you worry about your reputation?
Why did you say that? Were you trying to brag?
You told me not to be fake.
Since when did you listen to me?
You're right. Why should I now?
You contacted Da Yeong on video call.
What? What are you talking about?
My stomach hurts.
- Forget it. - Forget it yourself.
Nothing can be aired. We have to edit everything.
Gosh, my stomach hurts.
- Mi Dal, give me some tissue. - You used all of it.
What?
Darn it.
Goodness.
What a mess.
Producer Park. Please cut this out.
This can't be aired.
I'm sorry. I beg you. Please help me.
That can't be aired anyway.
Sir, please delete everything.
We'll be in trouble if it gets aired.
I'm sorry. I beg you, please?
She needs to fast for now.
Once she expels gas tomorrow morning,
she may eat porridge after drinking water.
Your surgery went well, so don't worry.
Thank you, doctor.
- Please get some rest. - Thank you.
- Mom. - Are you awake?
- Who was he? - He was your surgeon.
Your doctor went into labor.
- Mom. - What's wrong? Are you in pain?
I'm hungry.
Why are there two models for the makeup?
Is President Jang behind it?
He may offer it to Jeong Da Yeong.
What do you think of Jeong Da Yeong?
Hello, this is Jeong Da Yeong.
You're right. Why should I now?
You contacted Da Yeong on video call.
Do you mean tomorrow?
Shall we leave with you tomorrow?
Okay. Bye.
President Jang.
Jin Jin wants to change the ticket to tomorrow.
She wants to stay with Mi Dal.
She told us to leave.
Otherwise, she'll run away.
- Change it. - President Jang.
I think there's a misunderstanding.
Maybe you should talk to her.
How can I bring her back if she isn't interested?
Let's go.
Where to?
I'm hungry.
That's so beautiful.
Look over there.
Let's take a photo.
- Ready? 1, 2, 3. - Tada.
- Wow. - It's lovely.
1, 2, 3.
- Again. - 1, 2, 3.
You look too pretty.
- I don't. - I'll lean back.
1, 2, 3.
You look angry.
Jin Jin, look over there.
This is great. I'm having so much fun.
Jin Jin.
- Nice. - Let's have a look.
Try this on. Shall we get the same thing?
This one.
1. 1, please.
Yes, this is it.
Tiger balm. Tiger balm.
- You really need to buy these. - Leave these out.
- These too. - What?
How much is it?
Gyu Ri, Yoo Young,
Uncle Sang Gil, Mokdong aunt...
Mi Dal.
Are you opening a shop?
I need to get more gifts.
I don't think this will do. I'll go and get some more.
Use this.
I love you, Jin Jin.
Watch them. I won't be long.
Yes. Thanks.
[VIU Ver] E02 20th Century Boy & Girl "Sex Tape"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Oh, right. Shall I show you something fun?
I saw Sa Jin Jin earlier today.
How do you know each other?
We met once while shooting a commercial.
Doesn't that sound like a lie?
She wouldn't lie about that.
What?
Why act like you know her?
Jin Jin, I'm done.
- Are you really? - I bought a lot.
Let's go now. Come on.
Let's grab that taxi.
- My bag. - You don't have it?
Oh no.
- It's not here. - No?
Call your bank first.
I still have a lot of the money you gave me.
- Good morning. - Check-out.
Room number 3202, Jin Jin Sa?
Yes.
Someone told me to give you this last night.
It's all here.
Her passport.
Jin Jin.
- Is there any more? - No.
Hey, that doctor.
He looked so handsome.
He had this aura surrounding him.
So what about it?
Can't I even talk about him?
I bet he's taken.
All the good ones have partners now.
Only the defects like you are left.
What?
Boss!
Boss. Boss.
- What's the fuss? - Jin Jin...
Do you have my passport?
Yes. Your passport's here and so is your wallet.
- Did you call Hong Hee? - Yes, he'll be waiting.
The caller cannot be reached.
No answer.
Hi, Mr. Gong.
Your flight is the 1:35pm flight from Hong Kong to Incheon.
- The boarding hour is 1pm. - All right.
Please hold on.
Excuse me, sir. My apologies.
The flight is delayed due to weather conditions.
It'll be delayed for about an hour.
Okay. Thanks anyway.
Oh no. Why did these all fall out?
(Bed scene)
Those breasts.
Those hips.
The voice is totally Sa Jin Jin too.
Down to the mole by her eye.
Yes, Reporter Yoon.
No, of course not.
But Jin Jin is coming back from Hong Kong.
It's not possible. Of course not.
Gosh!
- Find out who that man is. - Sorry?
We have to make sure.
Here, look. Isn't this so cool?
What is this?
- It's the best so far. - Sa Jin Jin. Sa Jin Jin.
Sa Jin...
- Sa Jin Jin. - This is so cool.
- I didn't know she was this great. - Gosh.
- She's so pretty. - This is so cool.
- Look at her body. - Send it to me.
It's 6 dollars and 30 cents.
- Send it to me. - Here.
Hurry up. Send it to me.
I did.
- Gosh. - Gosh.
- This is unbelievable. - She's so pretty.
Look at her body.
Sir,
should I call your wife?
No.
Don't.
Mom.
The plane will be arriving soon.
She's not coming.
- Maybe she went the other way. - Maybe.
She won't come this way.
(Plane from Hong Kong)
(Arrived)
- The plane must have landed. - Oh, my.
- She's here. - She's here.
Gosh.
This is driving me crazy.
(Ah Reum)
What is she doing?
- "Ah Reum, is the news true?" - "Are those articles true?"
"Did you know about this?"
"Gosh, is this Sa Jin Jin?"
She doesn't even know how to multiply.
How would she know calculus?
- Ms. Han Ah Reum? - Yes?
Your vitals are normal,
and you've expelled gas. Did you have your meal?
Yes, I had some porridge.
If you feel better, you should go out for a walk.
- It'll help prevent blood clots. - Okay.
Do you have any other problems?
No, I'm fine.
If there's anything, please tell me.
- Okay. - Take some rest.
Doctor.
Did you operate on me?
Did you?
Yes, I did.
(Uterologist, Jung Woo Sung)
Jung Woo Sung?
The Bongo man?
She's coming!
- Sa Jin Jin! - She's here.
A word, please.
- Please look over here. - How do you feel?
- What's all this? - I don't know.
- A word, please. - How do you feel?
Did the president tell you anything?
No, he didn't tell me anything.
- We should just ignore them. - A word, please.
- Do you have anything to say? - How do you feel?
You shouldn't take pictures!
- How do you feel? - Is it really you in the video?
- You shouldn't take pictures. - A word, please.
- Jin Jin! - Look over here.
- Jin Jin! - Mi Dal!
- A word, please. - Please look over here.
- Please look over here. - How do you feel?
It's done.
- Thank you. - It's nothing.
Let's go. Let's go!
You recognized me. How have you been?
All right.
How's the Four Bongos?
You know, the studious Young Shim...
and the superstar Sa Jin Jin.
By the way, something really big came up today.
- A word, please. - Please look over here.
- Please look over here. - How do you feel?
- Is it really you? - Did you do that?
- Please look over here. - Please look over here.
- A word, please. - Please look over here.
Are you the woman in the sex tape?
You're the one in the video, right?
- Who's the man in the video? - Sa Jin Jin!
- Please tell us something. - Please look over here.
- Are you the woman in the sex tape? - Is it really you?
- Please say something. - How do you feel?
- Is it really you? - Are you the one in the video?
- Please tell us something. - Please look over here.
- Are you the woman in the sex tape? - Is it really you?
- Are you admitting it was you? - Who's the man in the video?
There were four members in the Four Bongos, right?
- No? - Yes.
What was the name again?
Wait, I'll guess.
- Please say something. - How do you feel?
- Is it really you? - Are you the one in the video?
- Please tell us something. - Please look over here.
- Please say something. - How do you feel?
- Is it really you? - Are you the one in the video?
- How do you feel? - Please look over here.
- Is it really you? - Is it really you?
- A word, please. - A word, please.
Who was the man in the video? What's your relationship with him?
- Please say something. - How do you feel?
- Please tell us something. - Please look over here.
- Is it really you? - Are you the one in the video?
- Please say something. - How do you feel?
- A word, please. - A word, please.
Gong Ji Won?
Right.
Gong Ji Won. It's Gong Ji Won, right?
Ji Won.
Yes, stand right there.
You should stand right there too.
Okay, I'll take a picture. 1, 2...
Ji Won, is there a problem at home or something? Come closer.
- Hurry. - The only male and the target.
All right. I'm going to take the picture. 1, 2,
- 3. - No, he was your light.
The boy you liked back then.